PrizeDraws is a very basic example of a domain model, which could be made into Morphir IR, and then into auto-generated TypeScript code.

The conceit is that clubs, raffles, or events may run a prize draw with two kinds of prizes, the "main prizes" (eg for the winners of the raffle) and "award prizes" (eg for "Best Dresseed person", or "funniest person").

Various types types are defined to be prizes, eg Car, Holiday, Cash or GemStone. (We're imagining that these are very wealthy clubs.)

The assumption is that for any given draw, all the main prizes will be of the same type, and all the award prizes will be of the same type (but not necessarily the same type as the main prizes).

## Autogen and Handwritten modules
The module "AutoGen" is the domain model, it contains the four prize types, and the Generic type `Prize<mainPrizeType, awardType>`. This is the only module that would be exported in morphir.json. This is the module for which a TypeScript version will be autogenerated.

The module "Handwritten" contains more specific instances. This would *not* be autogenerated (hence the name). This is an example of something that someone might do with the domain model once they got their hands on it. The repo contains an elm version and a Typescript version for comparison, but the point is that one would *not* be autogenerated from the other.

Handwritten conains several more specific types. For instance every monday they run a Prize draw where the main prizes are holidays, and the award prizes are cash. So the handwritten module defines `MondayPrize` as an alias for `Prize<Holiday, Cash>`.

Specific instances of `MondayPrize` include a trip to Blackpool, or a prize of 100 Cash for "Best Dressed".

## What we have to consider

The questions to consider are:
* What encode and decode functions should our backend create, for the types in the AutoGen module?
* How would an end-user invoke these functions to serialize and deserialize the`Prize` instances in `Handwritten.ts`?